Expand platform support section to install doc (#1402)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/getting_started.rst

      pip install -e .

Platform Support
----------------

> Qiskit strives to support as many platforms as possible but due to limitations
> in available testing resources and platform availability not all platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qiskit strives to support as many platforms as possible, but due to limitations
in available testing resources and platform availability, not all platforms
```

can be supported. Platform support for Qiskit is broken into 3 tiers with different

> levels of support for each tier. For platforms outside these Qiskit is probably
> still installable but it's not tested and you will have to build Qiskit (and likely
> Qiskit's dependencies) from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
levels of support for each tier. For platforms outside these, Qiskit is probably
still installable, but it's not tested and you will have to build Qiskit (and likely
Qiskit's dependencies) from source.
```

> Additionally, Qiskit only supports CPython, running with other Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, Qiskit only supports CPython. Running with other Python
```

interpreters isn't currently supported.

Tier 1
''''''

Tier 1 supported platforms are fully tested upstream as part of the development
processes to ensure any proposed change will function correctly. Pre-compiled

> binaries are built, tested, and published to PyPI as part of the release process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
binaries are built, tested, and published to PyPI as part of the release process.
```

These platforms are expected to be installable with just a functioning Python
environment as all dependencies are available on these platforms.

Tier 1 platforms are currently:

 * Linux x86_64 (distributions compatible with the
   `manylinux 2010 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0571/>`__ packaging
   specification)
 * macOS x86_64 (10.9 or newer)
 * Windows 64 bit

Tier 2
''''''

Tier 2 platforms are not tested upstream as part of development process. However,
pre-compiled binaries are built, tested, and published to PyPI as part of the
release process and these packages can be expected to be installed with just a
functioning Python environment.

Tier 2 platforms are currently:

 * Linux i686 (distributions compatible with the
   `manylinux 2010 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0571/>`__ packaging
   specification) for Python < 3.10

>  * Windows 32bit for Python < 3.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Windows 32 bit for Python < 3.10
```

 * Linux aarch64 (distributions compatible with the
   `manylinux 2014 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0599/>`__ packaging
   specification)

Tier 3
''''''

> Tier 3 platforms are not tested upstream as part of the development process. However,
> pre-compiled binaries are built, but not tested, and published to PyPI as part of
> the release process. They may not be installable with just a functioning Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tier 3 platforms are not tested upstream as part of the development process.  Pre-compiled
binaries are built and published to PyPI as part of the release process, with no
testing at all. They may not be installable with just a functioning Python
```

it's probably good to stress that we really don't test these at all, just build and pray

Author: Heh, yeah a good idea.

> environment and may require a C/C++ compiler or additional programs to build

Author: I probably should mention a fortran compiler here too, because building scipy from source might need a fortran compiler for lapack.

Reviewer: I thought about that, but then you might need to say a rust compiler too for retworkx, and it all just starts getting a bit much.  I maybe wouldn't worry too much.

Author: Well retworkx actually has tier 1 or tier 2 support for all these platforms (except for macOS arm64 which is still tier 3 because there's no way to run that in CI). So you shouldn't need a rust compiler for anything in this list. But point taken this is probably sufficient.
